FAQ rework, replacing outdated info, better interaction FAQ (#2106)
RogueException/Discord.Net: docs/faq/int_framework/general.md

## Im getting System.TimeoutException: 'Cannot respond to an interaction after 3 seconds!'

> This happens because your computers clock is out of sync or your trying to respond after 3 seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This happens because your computer's clock is out of sync or you're trying to respond after 3 seconds.
```
